.TH webcleaner.conf 5 2003-01-03 "WebCleaner"
.SH NAME
webcleaner.conf - configuration file for WebCleaner
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBwebcleaner.conf\fP is the main configuration file for the
WebCleaner proxy. The file has a custom XML format following
the Document Type Definition in the file \fBwebcleaner.dtd\fP.
.SH SETTINGS
.TP
\fBversion\fP
The configuration format version.
.TP
\fBport\fP
The port number the WebCleaner Proxy is running on.
.TP
\fBsslport\fP
The port number for the WebCleaner SSL server.
.TP
\fBsslgateway\fP
If set to one, WebCleaner will start an SSL server on the above port
for delegating and filtering HTTPS traffic.
.TP
\fBadminuser\fP
The user name for the proxy configuration interface.
.TP
\fBadminpass\fP
The base64 encoded password for the proxy configuration interface.
.TP
\fBproxyuser\fP
The user name for proxy authentication.
.TP
\fBproxypass\fP
The base64 encoded password for proxy authentication.
.TP
\fBparentproxy\fP
The hostname of the HTTP parent proxy. Leave empty to
not use a parent proxy.
.TP
\fBparentproxyport\fP
The port number the parent proxy is running on.
.TP
\fBparentproxyuser\fP
The user name for parent proxy authentication.
.TP
\fBparentproxypass\fP
The base64 encoded password for parent proxy authentication.
.TP
\fBtimeout\fP
Connection timeout in seconds.
.TP
\fBgui\_theme\fP
Web configuration gui theme selection.
.TP
\fBnofilterhosts\fP
Comma separated list of hosts for which filtering is disabled.
.TP
\fBallowedhosts\fP
Comma separated list of hosts which are allowed to use this proxy.
.TP
\fBauth_ntlm\fP
If set to one, will authenticate with NTLM algorithm.
.TP
\fBtry_google\fP
If set to one, will display on timeouts or other fatal server errors
a page with links to google cache for the requested page.
.SH FILTER
.TP
\fBBlocker\fP
Block specific urls; this replaces advert images and frames.
.TP
\fBCompress\fP
Compress documents with good compression ratio (HTML, WAV, ...).
.TP
\fBBinaryCharFilter\fP
Replace some binary chars (espacially those illegal Microsoft
quote chars).
.TP
\fBGifImage\fP
Deanimate GIF images and remove GIF comments.
.TP
\fBHeader\fP
Replace, modify and add arbitrary HTTP headers.
.TP
\fBImageReducer\fP
Reduce all images to low-quality JPEG images. Useful for users
with very low bandwidth.
.TP
\fBImageSize\fP
Filter images by size.
.TP
\fBMimeRecognizer\fP
Detect and correct missing or wrong Content\-Type headers.
.TP
\fBPicsHeader\fP
PICS filtering.
.TP
\fBReplacer\fP
Replace text pieces in text data files (HTML, plain text, ...).
.TP
\fBRewriter\fP
Parse the HTML stream and replace arbitrary tag constructs; filters
most advertising.
.TP
\fBVirusFilter\fP
Turns on clamav virus filtering (if clamav is installed).
.SH EXAMPLE
 <?xml version="1.0"?>
 <!DOCTYPE webcleaner SYSTEM "webcleaner.dtd">
 <webcleaner 
  version="0.8"
  port="8000"
  parentproxy="squid.company.com"
  parentproxyport="3128"
  >
   <filter name="Rewriter"/>
   <filter name="Blocker"/>
   <filter name="Header"/>
   <filter name="Replacer"/>
   <filter name="GifImage"/>
  </webcleaner>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
webcleaner(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Bastian Kleineidam <calvin@users.sourceforge.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2000-2009 Bastian Kleineidam
